


[Extensions of Remarks]
[Pages E216-E217]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                       HONORING ASRA HUSSAIN RAZA

                                 ______
                                 

                           HON. ANDRE CARSON

                               of indiana

                    in the house of representatives

                         Friday, March 14, 2025

  Mr. CARSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of 
Asra Hussain Raza, a remarkable individual whose dedication, 
compassion, and unwavering commitment to excellence left an enduring 
mark on all who had the privilege of knowing her.
  Born to Indian immigrants, Asra was raised in Carmel, Indiana. She 
attended Orchard Park Elementary, Towne Meadow Elementary, and 
Creekside Middle School, graduating from Carmel High School in 2016. 
Her academic journey continued at Indiana University, where she earned 
a bachelor's degree in healthcare management and graduated with honors. 
Asra's pursuit of knowledge led her to Columbia University, where she 
completed her Master of Health Administration, further solidifying her 
commitment to improving healthcare systems.
  Professionally, Asra was a dedicated healthcare compliance 
specialist. She relocated to Washington, D.C. to further her career. 
Her work involved traveling to Wichita, Kansas, to assist a hospital in 
need, exemplifying her dedication to patient care and health equity.
  Beyond her professional achievements, Asra was known for her 
kindness, generosity, and vibrant spirit. She had a passion for hosting 
gatherings, delighting guests with her culinary skills, and ensuring 
everyone felt welcomed and valued. Her family and close friends 
described her as a ``kind and caring soul'' who had a gift for making 
others feel special.
  Tragically, on January 29, 2025, Asra's life was cut short in a 
devastating midair collision between American Airlines Flight 5342 and 
a U.S. Army Black Hawk helicopter near Washington, D.C.
  Mr. Speaker, Asra's life was a testament to the power of kindness, 
dedication, and the pursuit of excellence. Her unwavering commitment to 
improving healthcare, her boundless generosity, and her vibrant spirit 
continue to inspire all who knew her. I ask my colleagues to join me in 
honoring the extraordinary life and enduring legacy of Asra Hussain 
Raza. Her memory will forever be cherished, and her impact will 
continue to resonate in our community and beyond.

[[Page E217]]

  

                          ____________________





