


[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E215]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




           HONORING MR. AND MRS. DILLARD'S COMMUNITY SERVICE

                                 ______
                                 

                       HON. EUGENE SIMON VINDMAN

                              of virginia

                    in the house of representatives

                         Friday, March 14, 2025

  Mr. VINDMAN. Mr Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend Mr. 
Jimmy and Mrs. Dottie Dillard for their remarkable dedication to 
serving their community and exceptional volunteer efforts at the Mary 
Washington Hospital in Fredericksburg, Virginia.
  Just recently, The Dillard's were nominated for the Winter 2025 Serve 
Virginia Honor Roll by the 2024 Governor's Volunteerism & Community 
Service Awards. The Bi-annual Serve Virginia Honor Roll recognizes the 
valuable contributions of volunteers and organizations across the 
Commonwealth.
  Twenty-seven years ago, after retiring from their successful 
careers--Mr. Jimmy from managing the Dillard Alarm Security company and 
Mrs. Dottie as the administrative representative of the company--the 
couple made the decision to give back by volunteering at their local 
hospital. Since then, they have accumulated over 13,000 hours of 
service to the hospital, where their contributions have touched nearly 
every staff member and patient.
  From distributing newspapers, delivering flowers to patient rooms, 
and pushing patients in wheelchairs, to working in the Patient Access 
department. The Dillard's have consistently gone above and beyond in 
their roles. Their willingness to serve and their commitment to making 
a difference is a testament to their selflessness and devotion to 
others.
  Their peers describe them as hardworking and reliable, never letting 
snow, extreme heat, or cold weather deter them from their volunteer 
shifts.
  I am truly inspired by their passion for serving others and their 
commitment to their community. Mr. Speaker, I am honored in recognizing 
Mr. Jimmy and Mrs. Dottie for their unwavering service and impact at 
the Mary Washington Hospital.

                          ____________________





