


[Pages S1783-S1785]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                           TEXT OF AMENDMENTS

  SA 1273. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. Wyden, and Mr. Schatz) 
proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1968, making further continuing 
appropriations and other extensions for the fiscal year ending 
September 30, 2025, and for other purposes; as follows:

       On page 6, line 11, strike ``and 639'' and insert ``639, 
     and 640''.
       On page 7, line 15, strike ``and''.
       On page 7, line 18, insert ``, and except section 530'' 
     before the period at the end.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1274. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. Kim, Mr. Kaine, Mr. Wyden, 
Mr. Durbin, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Schatz, Mr. Kelly, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. 
Heinrich, Mr. Gallego, Ms. Rosen, and Mr. Warner) proposed an amendment 
to the bill H.R. 1968, making further continuing appropriations and 
other extensions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for 
other purposes; as follows:

       At the appropriate place, insert the following:

[[Page S1784]]

  


     SEC. __. REINSTATEMENT ELIGIBILITY FOR VETERAN FEDERAL 
                   EMPLOYEES; EXECUTIVE AGENCY REPORTS ON REMOVAL 
                   OF VETERANS.

       (a) Eligibility for Reinstatement.--Any individual who is a 
     veteran and who was involuntarily removed or otherwise 
     dismissed without cause from a position in the civil service 
     during the period beginning on January 20, 2025, and ending 
     on the date of the enactment of this Act shall be eligible 
     for reinstatement to such position or any other position in 
     the civil service for which the individual is qualified.
       (b) Reports Required.--
       (1) In general.--Not later than 60 days after the date of 
     the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until 
     January 20, 2029, the head of each Executive agency shall 
     submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report 
     on former employees of such agency who are veterans and were 
     removed or otherwise dismissed from the agency.
       (2) Elements.--Each report required by paragraph (1) shall 
     include the following:
       (A) The total number of former employees of the agency who 
     are veterans and were removed or otherwise dismissed from the 
     agency during the period covered by the report.
       (B) The reason for each such removal or dismissal.
       (c) Definitions.--In this section:
       (1) Appropriate congressional committees.--The term 
     ``appropriate congressional committees'' means--
       (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs and the Committee on Veterans' Affairs of the Senate; 
     and
       (B) the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and 
     the Committee on Veterans' Affairs of the House of 
     Representatives.
       (2) Civil service.--The term ``civil service'' has the 
     meaning given that term in section 2101 of title 5, United 
     States Code.
       (3) Executive agency.--The term ``Executive agency'' has 
     the meaning given that term in section 105 of title 5, United 
     States Code.
       (4) Veteran.--The term ``veteran'' has the meaning given 
     that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1275. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
him to the bill H.R. 1968, making further continuing appropriations and 
other extensions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place, insert the following:

     SEC. __. EXEMPTING SOCIAL SECURITY, MEDICARE, MEDICAID, AND 
                   THE CHILDREN'S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM FROM 
                   THE JURISDICTION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF 
                   GOVERNMENT EFFICIENCY (DOGE) AND THE 
                   APPLICATION OF CERTAIN EXECUTIVE ORDERS.

       (a) In General.--With respect to the agencies, personnel, 
     systems, and benefits and programs described in subsection 
     (b)--
       (1) the U.S. DOGE Service Temporary Organization shall have 
     no authority or jurisdiction; and
       (2) the executive orders described in subsection (c) shall 
     not apply.
       (b) Covered Agencies, Personnel, Systems, and Benefits and 
     Programs.--The agencies, personnel, systems, and benefits and 
     programs described in this subsection are the following:
       (1) Social security.--The Social Security Administration, 
     any officer or employee of the Social Security 
     Administration, the data, information technology, and 
     operating systems of the Social Security Administration, and 
     any benefits or program administered by the Social Security 
     Administration, including the Old-Age and Survivors Insurance 
     and Disability Insurance programs and associated benefits 
     under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et 
     seq.).
       (2) Medicare, medicaid, and chip.--The Centers for Medicare 
     & Medicaid Services, any officer or employee of the Centers 
     for Medicare & Medicaid Services, the data, information 
     technology, and operating systems of the Centers for Medicare 
     & Medicaid Services, and any benefits or program administered 
     by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, including 
     the Medicare program, the Medicaid program, and the 
     Children's Health Insurance Program and associated benefits 
     under titles XVIII, XIX, and XXI of the Social Security Act 
     (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq., 1396 et seq., 1397aa et seq.).
       (c) Executive Orders.--The executive orders described in 
     this subsection are--
       (1) Executive Orders 14158, 14210, 14219, and 14222 (90 
     Fed. Reg. 8441, 9669, 10583, 11095); and
       (2) any other order relating to the U.S. DOGE Service 
     Temporary Organization.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1276. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1968, making further continuing 
appropriations and other extensions for the fiscal year ending 
September 30, 2025, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on 
the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place, insert the following:

     SEC. __. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR EMPLOYEE 
                   TERMINATIONS, FUNDING CUTS, AND CONTRACT 
                   RESCISSIONS THAT WOULD IMPEDE IMPLEMENTATION OF 
                   THE PACT ACT.

       None of the funds made available under any provision of any 
     division of this Act may be used for terminations of 
     employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, cuts to 
     funding for the Department, or contract rescissions that 
     would impede the implementation of the Sergeant First Class 
     Heath Robinson Honoring our Promise to Address Comprehensive 
     Toxics Act of 2022 (Public Law 117-168) (commonly known as 
     the ``PACT Act'') or the amendments made by that Act.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1277. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Ms. Rosen) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1968, making 
further continuing appropriations and other extensions for the fiscal 
year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place in division A, insert the 
     following:
       Sec. ___. (a) No funds made available under this Act may be 
     used for any removal, demotion, or suspension of a veteran, 
     military spouse, caregiver, survivor, or member of a reserve 
     component who is serving in a position in the civil service.
       (b) In this section--
       (1) the term ``caregiver'' means an adult family member or 
     other individual who has a significant relationship with, and 
     who provides a broad range of assistance to, a wounded, ill, 
     injured, or disabled member of the armed forces or veteran or 
     a dependent of such a member or veteran with a chronic or 
     other health condition, disability, or functional limitation;
       (2) the term ``civil service'' has the meaning given that 
     term in section 2101 of title 5, United States Code;
       (3) the term ``demotion'' means a reduction in grade (as 
     defined in section 7511(a) of title 5, United States Code);
       (4) the term ``member of the armed forces'' has the meaning 
     given that term in 315.612(b)(4) of title 5, Code of Federal 
     Regulations, or any successor thereto;
       (5) the term ``military spouse'' means--
       (A) the husband or wife of a member of the armed forces;
       (B) the husband or wife of a retired, totally disabled, or 
     separated member of the armed forces; or
       (C) the widow or widower of a member of the armed forces 
     killed while performing active duty or who died from a 
     service-connected injury or illness;
       (6) the term ``removal'' means removing an individual from 
     the civil service;
       (7) the term ``reserve component'' has the meaning given 
     that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code;
       (8) the term ``suspension'' means the placing an individual 
     in a temporary status without duties and pay for a period of 
     longer than 7 days;
       (9) the term ``survivor'' means a family member of a member 
     of the armed forces or veteran who died while on active duty 
     or after military retirement or of a service-connected injury 
     or illness; and
       (10) the term ``veteran'' means a person who served on 
     active duty as a member of the armed forces, regardless of 
     length of service, and who was discharged or released 
     therefrom, except that the term ``veteran'' does not include 
     a person who--
       (A) received a dishonorable discharge from the Armed 
     Forces; or
       (B) was discharged or dismissed from the Armed Forces by 
     reason of the sentence of a general court-martial.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1278. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed 
by her to the bill H.R. 1968, making further continuing appropriations 
and other extensions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and 
for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place in title XIII of division A, 
     insert the following:
       Sec. ___.  No funds made available under this Act for the 
     Federal Aviation Administration may be used to purchase 
     equipment from, enter into agreement with, or otherwise 
     contract with Starlink Services, LLC.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1279. Ms. ALSOBROOKS (for herself and Mr. Blumenthal) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1968, making 
further continuing appropriations and other extensions for the fiscal 
year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       On page 29, line 24, strike ``$40,395,072,000'' and insert 
     ``$41,254,072,000''.
       On page 30, beginning on line 5, strike `` `$1,695,436,000' 
     for'' and all that follows through line 7 and insert the 
     following ``, and `2,554,436,000' for `$2,877,048,000'.''.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1280. Ms. ALSOBROOKS submitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1968, making further continuing 
appropriations and other extensions for the fiscal year ending 
September 30, 2025, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on 
the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place, insert the following:

[[Page S1785]]

       Sec. __.  Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none 
     of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry 
     out any reduction in force pursuant to subchapter I of 
     chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, or section 3595 of 
     that title, at any department or agency in the executive 
     branch of the Federal Government unless that reduction in 
     force has been provided for in this Act.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1281. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
him to the bill H.R. 1968, making further continuing appropriations and 
other extensions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place, insert the following:

     SEC. __. PROHIBITION ON FUNDS FOR CERTAIN RELOCATIONS.

       None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by 
     an agency, as defined in section 902 of title 5, United 
     States Code, to relocate the agency to a location outside of 
     the National Capital Region, as defined in section 8702 of 
     title 40, United States Code.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1282. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1968, making further continuing 
appropriations and other extensions for the fiscal year ending 
September 30, 2025, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on 
the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place, insert the following:

     SEC. __. PROHIBITING THE USE OF FUNDS TO TAKE ACTIONS THAT 
                   WEAKEN THE SOCIAL SECURITY PROGRAM.

       No funds appropriated or otherwise made available under 
     this Act or any other Federal law may be used to--
       (1) close, terminate the lease of, or reduce service levels 
     at any office of the Social Security Administration; or
       (2) initiate any reduction in force procedures at the 
     Social Security Administration.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1283. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1968, making further continuing 
appropriations and other extensions for the fiscal year ending 
September 30, 2025, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on 
the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place, insert the following:
       Sec. ___.  None of the funds made available by this Act may 
     be used to remove any Federal employee who is a veteran.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1284. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed 
by her to the bill H.R. 1968, making further continuing appropriations 
and other extensions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and 
for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place in division A, insert the 
     following:

     SEC. ___. PROHIBITION ON REDUCTION OF BOP RETENTION 
                   INCENTIVES.

       The Director of the Bureau of Prisons may not modify the 
     retention incentives made available to employees of the 
     Bureau of Prisons, as in effect on March 13, 2025, until on 
     or after the first day of fiscal year 2026.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1285. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. Durbin, and Mr. Blumenthal) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 
1968, making further continuing appropriations and other extensions for 
the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       On page 29, line 24, strike ``$40,395,072,000'' and insert 
     ``$41,576,684,000''.
       On page 30, beginning on line 5, strike ``, 
     `$1,695,436,000' for'' and all that follows through line 7 
     and insert a period.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1286. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. Hassan, Mr. King, Mr. Kaine, 
Ms. Hirono, and Mr. Schatz) submitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1986, to designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 620 East Pecan Boulevard in 
McAllen, Texas, as the ``Agent Raul H. Gonzalez Jr. Memorial Post 
Office Building''; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place, insert the following:

     SEC. __. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO REDUCE THE WORKFORCE 
                   AT PUBLIC SHIPYARDS.

       (a) In General.--None of the funds made available under any 
     provision of any division of this Act may be used to reduce 
     the workforce at public shipyards, including probationary 
     employees.
       (b) Exemption.--The workforce at public shipyards and any 
     other positions at a public shipyard not specified in 
     subsection (c) shall be exempt from any workforce reductions 
     related to spending cuts, reprogramming of funds, or the 
     probationary status of employees.
       (c) Workforce at Public Shipyards Defined.--In this 
     section, the term ``workforce at public shipyards'' includes 
     any of the following positions at a public shipyard:
       (1) Welders.
       (2) Pipefitters.
       (3) Shipfitters.
       (4) Radiological technicians and engineers.
       (5) Engineers and engineer technicians.
       (6) Apprentices.
       (7) Positions supporting a workforce development pipeline.
       (8) Positions supporting nuclear maintenance and refueling.
       (9) Mechanics.
       (10) Painters and blasters.
       (11) Positions supporting maintenance and operations of 
     infrastructure.
       (12) Positions supporting implementation of the Shipyard 
     Infrastructure Optimization Program.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1287. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
him to the bill H.R. 1968, making further continuing appropriations and 
other extensions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows:

       At the appropriate place, insert the following:

     SEC. ___. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE FUNDING.

       The Secretary of Agriculture--
       (1) shall, immediately after the enactment of this Act, 
     unfreeze funding for and implement all contracts entered into 
     by the Secretary prior to the date of enactment of this Act;
       (2) shall, as rapidly as possible after the enactment of 
     this Act, pay all past due amounts owed by the Secretary 
     under contracts described in paragraph (1);
       (3) shall not cancel any signed contract with a farmer or 
     an entity providing assistance to farmers, unless the farmer 
     or entity has failed to comply with the terms and conditions 
     of the contract; and
       (4) shall not use any funds made available by this Act to 
     close any Farm Service Agency county office or Natural 
     Resources Conservation Service field office.
                                 ______
                                 
  SA 1288. Ms. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 1272 proposed by Mr. Van Hollen (for himself, Ms. 
Alsobrooks, and Mr. Kaine) to the bill H.R. 1968, making further 
continuing appropriations and other extensions for the fiscal year 
ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows:

        On page 1, line 6, insert ``to fund or otherwise pay for 
     the waste, fraud, and abuse identified'' after ``used.''

                          ____________________





