


[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E213]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




  CELEBRATING THE DEDICATED SERVICE AND RETIREMENT OF MR. DOUG NGUYEN

                                 ______
                                 

                       HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY

                              of illinois

                    in the house of representatives

                         Friday, March 14, 2025

  Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the long 
career of Mr. Doug Nguyen, who is retiring after over three decades of 
service with the Social Security Administration. I want to share my 
gratitude for a job well done. I want to thank Doug for all that he has 
done for my constituents. While Mr. Nguyen's retirement is well-earned, 
I have no doubt that residents will miss his unselfish and diligent 
work on their behalf.
  Doug Nguyen's life story is emblematic of a mantra that I repeat over 
and over as I meet residents of my congressional district: our Nation 
is stronger because of its diversity. Arriving in America after fleeing 
a tragic situation in Vietnam as a child, Doug set down roots and has 
spent decades improving his community and helping his neighbors live 
better lives.
  Doug's dedication to setting the highest standard of public service 
is outstanding and his insistence that everyone who interacts with the 
Social Security Administration receives respectful and helpful 
treatment will have a lasting impact long beyond his many years of 
service. My staff have nothing but respect for Doug and his 
contributions and they actively looked forward to collaborating with 
him at every opportunity. We could not have asked for a better partner.
  It is clear from Doug Nguyen's many acknowledgements and awards that 
our Nation recognizes the value he brought into whatever role he served 
on our behalf. Whether it is with his service with Social Security, 
with the White House Initiative on Asian American Native Hawaiians and 
Pacific Islanders, or on the various boards upon which he has served, 
Doug has always been a strong leader who is helping to improve 
Americans' lives and pull our community and our Nation in the right 
direction.
  Our Nation no doubt faces some difficult challenges in the months and 
years ahead. Federal employees like Doug Nguyen who have devoted their 
professional lives to serving our Nation are under siege. But I have 
confidence that we can emerge victorious from these challenges because 
of the foundation that Doug and so many like him have laid over their 
decades of work on our behalf.
  On behalf of the residents of the 9th Congressional District of 
Illinois, I again want to thank Doug Nguyen for his many years of 
service. Doug successfully bridged the gap between a federal agency and 
the human beings it serves, and that is an accomplishment that deserves 
endless praise. I wish him nothing but the best in his future 
endeavors.

                          ____________________





