


[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E214]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                   CELEBRATING WOMEN'S HISTORY MONTH

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. FRANK J. MRVAN

                               of indiana

                    in the house of representatives

                         Friday, March 14, 2025

  Mr. MRVAN. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and sincere 
admiration that I rise to celebrate Women's History Month and its 2025 
theme--Moving Forward Together! Women Educating & Inspiring 
Generations. This year's theme celebrates the collective strength and 
influence of women who have dedicated their lives to education, 
mentorship, and leadership. Through their efforts, they have served as 
an inspiration for all generations--both past and present.
  As we celebrate the women who have devoted their lives to education, 
mentorship, and leadership, I would like to take this time to honor a 
lifelong educator in Northwest Indiana, Ms. Janice Jordan. Ms. Jordan 
was born and raised in Hurtsboro, Alabama and earned a bachelor's 
degree in early childhood education from Auburn University. In 1982, 
she moved to Gary, Indiana to continue her education at Indiana 
University Northwest, where she earned a master's degree in education. 
Ms. Jordan went on to serve the School City of East Chicago as a 
teacher and administrator for 33 years, where she shaped the lives of 
countless students. Throughout her career, Ms. Jordan demonstrated a 
deep commitment to her students by creating enriching learning 
experiences and ensuring they had the support to grow and thrive.
  Although she retired in 2016, Ms. Jordan's passion for teaching led 
her to return to the classroom. Since 2023, Ms. Jordan has taught 
preschoolers at St. Mark Early Learning Academy, a Head Start facility 
in Gary. Ms. Jordan loves engaging her students through the curriculum, 
which promotes language development, literacy, and individualized 
instruction tailored to each child's needs. Her favorite part of the 
day is when children explore different learning centers to create, 
build, use their imagination, and share new discoveries with their 
peers. Her philosophy in life is, ``Set the atmosphere, engage the 
community, and get to work!''
  Outside of the classroom, Ms. Jordan is also an active member of 
Mount Moriah Missionary Baptist Church in Gary, a sister of Delta Sigma 
Theta Sorority, Inc., and a volunteer with the Gary Literacy Coalition, 
Inc., demonstrating her unwavering commitment to education and 
community service. For her dedicated contributions to students, 
families, and communities throughout Northwest Indiana, Ms. Jordan is 
worthy of the highest praise.
  Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join 
me in celebrating Women's History Month and recognizing the lifelong 
service of Ms. Janice Jordan and so many other extraordinary women who 
have dedicated their lives to education, mentorship, and leadership.

                          ____________________





