


[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E215]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                           RECOGNIZING PI DAY

                                 ______
                                 

                            HON. BILL FOSTER

                              of illinois

                    in the house of representatives

                         Friday, March 14, 2025

  Mr. FOSTER. Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate March 14, 
3.14, or Pi day. Pi is a Greek letter, and in mathematics it is a 
symbol for the number you always get when you divide a circle's 
circumference by its diameter. Many people approximate pi as 3.14 or 
3.14159.
  But the number is irrational and will continue infinitely without 
repeating. If you were to try to write down the exact number for pi, 
there would be infinite numbers to the right of the decimal point and 
there would be no pattern. This means we're down to a mere infinity 
digits yet to be found. To date, it has been calculated to over 202 
trillion digits. But there is still new math to be discovered. And 
mathematics is critical to everything we do. It's the language of 
science, engineering, and technology. So, today, don't be rational. Be 
irrational and celebrate Pi Day.
  This celebration is not only about the number itself, but also about 
what this day can represent for our country. One of the most important 
investments that we can make is getting students interested in STEM 
subjects--science, technology, engineering, and math. Since World War 
II, over half of U.S. economic growth has been driven by science and 
technology, and through the end of the decade, the growth rate of STEM 
employment is expected to be more than double the growth rate of non-
STEM employment.
  However, we do not have enough students graduating from high school 
and college with necessary skills in the STEM fields to fill these 
jobs. As times change and we move into a more STEM-based economy, it is 
important that our students get the education and training they will 
need to succeed.
  This is why recognizing March 14 as Pi Day is important. It shows the 
fun and exciting side to math and other STEM subjects, and will 
hopefully lead to a crop of students developing an interest in becoming 
the next generation's mathematicians, engineers, and physicists.
  I am planning to reintroduce a resolution to support designating 
March 14 as National Pi Day. I ask my colleagues to join me in 
celebrating this day and supporting our future scientists for 
generations to come.

                          ____________________





