


[Page S1775]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                         ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS

                                 ______
                                 

                       RECOGNIZING THE GANGPLANK

<bullet> Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, as a member and former chairman of 
the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, each month 
I recognize and celebrate the American entrepreneurial spirit by 
highlighting the success of a small business in my home State of Idaho. 
Today, I am pleased to honor The Gangplank as the Idaho Small Business 
of the Month for March 2025.
  Newell and Carol Walker opened The Gangplank in 1970 in Idaho Falls. 
Originally named Arthur Treacher's Fish and Chips, the restaurant was 
part of a national chain that ceased operation in the early 1980s. 
After an incident that knocked over the restaurant's marquee sign, the 
pair renamed the seafood joint to The Gangplank in 1982. When Newell 
decided to retire in 2002, he sold the businesses to Jeff and Sharlene 
Croney, who took over the restaurant with their then-teenage son Jason.
  Twenty-three years later, Jason is now co-owner of The Gangplank, 
bringing new ideas to the business and becoming an integral part of the 
restaurant's success. In 2022, Jeff and Jason purchased a mobile food 
truck to serve more southeast Idahoans during the summer months. The 
Croneys also have big plans to expand The Gangplank's operations in 
Pocatello, open a second Idaho Falls location, and launch an additional 
food truck for catering services. This family-owned business hopes a 
third generation of Croneys carry on The Gangplank legacy for another 
55 years and beyond.
  The Gangplank has been an established and reputable name in the Idaho 
Falls community over the last half-century. The restaurant sponsors and 
donates to local fundraising and charity events, including Boy Scouts 
of America, Festival of Trees, and the Distinguished Young Women 
program. The Croneys also support and encourage staff to seek further 
education at all of Idaho's local colleges and universities.
  Congratulations to the Croneys and all of the employees at The 
Gangplank on their selection as the Idaho Small Business of the Month 
for March 2025. Thank you for serving Idaho as small business owners 
and entrepreneurs. You make our great State proud, and I look forward 
to your continued growth and success.<bullet>

                          ____________________





