


[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E213]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




   RECOGNIZING EULESS POLICE DEPARTMENT CORPORAL THOMAS ``WADE'' TICE

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. BETH VAN DUYNE

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                         Friday, March 14, 2025

  Ms. VAN DUYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Euless Police 
Corporal Thomas ``Wade'' Tice, a dedicated public servant who has 
devoted more than three decades to serving our community. Raised in the 
rural community of Burleson, Corporal Tice went on to attend Texas A&M 
University and later Tarrant County Junior College before entering the 
workforce. After several years in the construction industry, he sought 
a more fulfilling career, leading him to law enforcement.
  In 1989, Corporal Tice began his career in public service as a jailer 
with the Johnson County Sheriff's Department. Committed to advancing in 
the field, he attended the night police academy at Tarleton State 
University while working full-time. His hard work and determination 
paid off when, in May 1990, he was hired by the Euless Police 
Department. Corporal Tice served as a field training officer and 
bicycle patrol officer before being promoted to Corporal in 1993. In 
2002, he was assigned to the Tarrant County Regional Auto Theft Task 
Force before returning to the patrol division, where he still serves 
today.
  Throughout his 34 years in law enforcement, Corporal Tice received 
over 50 commendations and was honored with the department's 
Distinguished Service Award. He holds a Master Police Officer license 
and completed specialized training in areas such as basic bicycle 
tactics, intermediate accident investigations, mental health peace 
officer certification, and crisis intervention training. Corporal 
Tice's proactive approach to law enforcement resulted in numerous 
felony arrests, and his compassion for victims of crime was evident in 
every interaction. He consistently went above and beyond the call of 
duty, ensuring that those in need received the help and support they 
deserved.
  Corporal Tice's service has made a profound difference in the lives 
of many, and I express my deepest gratitude for his dedication to our 
community. Congratulations on a well-deserved retirement.

                          ____________________





