


[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E216]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




        RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF SKOKIE MAYOR GEORGE VAN DUSEN

                                 ______
                                 

                       HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY

                              of illinois

                    in the house of representatives

                         Friday, March 14, 2025

  Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 
accomplishments and long career of my dear friend, George Van Dusen. 
George is retiring after serving as an excellent Mayor of Skokie for 25 
years. I have had the privilege of representing the Village of Skokie 
for the entirety of my congressional career, and George Van Dusen has 
been a fierce and effective advocate for his community throughout my 
tenure. George was a partner who I knew I could rely upon, and my staff 
and I took every possible opportunity to work with him and his team.
  Mayor Van Dusen has dedicated 52 years of his life to public 
service--41 of those years serving as an elected official with the 
Village of Skokie. Mayor Van Dusen has been a proud Skokie resident 
since 1974, and it comes as no surprise that his engagement in the 
community led him to serve as both a trustee and eventually mayor.
  Mayor Van Dusen served as my predecessor, Congressman Sydney Yates' 
Director of Suburban Operations from 1973 until Representative Yates' 
retirement in 1999. This experience as a congressional staffer provided 
George with invaluable knowledge about how a legislative office works 
and how to best collaborate with me and my staff to improve the lives 
of Skokie residents.
  While serving in his capacity as Director of Suburban Operations, Van 
Dusen was elected to the Skokie Village Board as a Trustee in 1984 and 
was appointed mayor in 1999. Thanks to Mayor Van Dusen's 26 years of 
leadership, the Village of Skokie is in very good shape. Skokie has 
seen significant growth and prosperity under his stewardship. Thanks to 
Mayor Van Dusen's steady hand, the Village has seen significant 
economic development and Skokie's population has consistently grown. 
George has been a leader on everything from infrastructure investment 
to promoting affordable housing to ensuring that sustainability issues 
are front and center for the Village. Mayor Van Dusen was a key 
supporter of the Illinois Holocaust Museum and Education Center, which 
opened in Skokie under his tenure. This institution is now a landmark 
that has received national acclaim as it combats hatred and bigotry.
  Skokie is a wonderfully diverse community where more than 90 
languages are spoken, and has long been a village that welcomes, 
respects and values all residents. Mayor Van Dusen has lifted up and 
celebrated the cultural richness of Skokie, through events like the 
Festival of Cultures and by ensuring respect and access to village 
services for everyone.
  I am grateful to have had Mayor Van Dusen as a partner within the 9th 
Congressional District of Illinois these past 26 years, and I am even 
more grateful to be able to call him a friend.
  On behalf of the residents of the 9th Congressional District of 
Illinois, I thank Mayor Van Dusen for his service and wish he and wife 
Susan all the best. He leaves shoes that will be very hard to fill. I 
hope Skokie's future leaders have the same skill and compassion that he 
showed throughout his career. I wish him nothing but the best in future 
endeavors.

                          ____________________





