


[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E213]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




               VOTING ONLY THROUGH ENGLISH ACT (VOTE ACT)

                                 ______
                                 

                        HON. ABRAHAM J. HAMADEH

                               of arizona

                    in the house of representatives

                         Friday, March 14, 2025

  Mr. HAMADEH, Mr. Speaker, I take this opportunity to present before 
the House H.R. 2054, the Voting Only Through English Act, or the VOTE 
Act. This bill requires states to use only English language ballots to 
qualify for federal election funds; in compliance with President 
Trump's Executive Order which made English the language of the United 
States. When my family arrived in America, we, like millions of others, 
accepted the language and the culture of this nation. That is what 
makes America special--we are a nation of immigrants with one set of 
values and one language. The naturalization process requires English 
proficiency for a reason--it is the basis of full participation in 
American civic life. However, we have got it so that we are spending 
taxpayers' money on printing ballots in dozens of languages although 
citizens have previously established their English proficiency. It does 
not just muddle things--it erodes the unity which is the essence of any 
nation. I have been heartened by the backing this bill has got, 
including from Latino civic groups like Conserva Mi Voto. As they put 
it, requiring standard ballots in English is not about keeping people 
out--it is about making sure every voter goes into the booth knowing 
that their vote will be counted. The VOTE Act is not only reasonable--
it is revolutionary, and a common sense action to restore election 
integrity. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this rational 
proposal.

                          ____________________





