


[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E215]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




          HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HEROES LUKE AND JEN HUCH

                                 ______
                                 

                          HON. BETH VAN DUYNE

                                of texas

                    in the house of representatives

                         Friday, March 14, 2025

  Ms. VAN DUYNE. Mr Speaker, I rise to recognize our Texas-24 Hometown 
Heroes, Luke and Jen Huch of Euless. They faced every parent's 
nightmare when their son, Lion, was diagnosed with leukemia at just 
seven months old. Lion was given a 47 percent chance of survival and 
began an intensive chemotherapy journey.
  Determined to defy the odds, the Huch family lived in the hospital 
for the first six months of their fight. Music became a key part of 
Lion's survival, giving the family a boost in faith and spirits. With 
instruments like drums, a keyboard, and a guitar, Luke and Jen would 
write songs and sing with Lion to keep his spirits high. This led to 
Lion's passion for music, and inspired the Huches to create Free Music, 
a local nonprofit that provides instruments to children who are 
battling or recovering from life-threatening illness.
  Rooted in their belief that music can provide hope, inspire kids to 
keep fighting, and bring joy to families, through Free Music, the 
Huches are providing sick children with a creative outlet and something 
to focus on other than their medical journey. In their words, these 
children have incredible perspectives on life, their stories need to be 
told, and their voices need to be heard through the gift of music.
  North Texas is lucky to have Luke and Jen who turned Lion's 
devastating diagnosis into an opportunity to offer hope and strength to 
other children and families. I'd like to thank the Huch family for 
their commitment to spreading joy and hope through music.

                          ____________________





