


[Extensions of Remarks]
[Page E216]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




                  MARIANAS AIR SERVICE IMPROVEMENT ACT

                                 ______
                                 

                       HON. KIMBERLYN KING-HINDS

                      of northern mariana islands

                    in the house of representatives

                         Friday, March 14, 2025

  Ms. KING-HINDS. Mr. Speaker, today, I am proud to introduce critical 
legislation that would include my district, the Northern Mariana 
Islands, in the Department of Transportation's Essential Air Service 
(EAS) program. This would place the Northern Mariana Islands alongside 
Alaska and Hawaii as locations exempt from EAS requirements, ensuring 
that scheduled air service remains consistently available for residents 
and visitors of the Marianas.
  Air service is vital and the only practical means of transportation 
between the islands of the Marianas. Unfortunately, commuter air 
service has often been unreliable. In recent years, fare prices have 
surged and remain at historically high levels. For nearly two decades, 
only one carrier has provided air service between the islands of 
Tinian, Rota, and Saipan, as well as to Guam.
  The sole carrier has suspended air service multiple times for 
extended periods due to disputes with airport authorties. This 
instability and uncertainty are a constant worry for the local 
community knowing air service can cease at any moment for our remote, 
isolated islands. This uncertainty not only disrupts daily life but 
also hampers our ability to attract tourists, draw investments, and 
rebuild our economy. Restoring EAS eligibility would guarantee that the 
Northern Marianas always have a baseline level of daily air service 
across all three of our airports.
  While the Northern Mariana Islands was originally eligible for EAS, 
none of our airports participated in the program in Fiscal Year 2011. 
As a result, we became ineligible following the enactment of the FAA 
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, which changed the definition of 
`eligible place' for EAS assistance.
  By amending this eligibility, we would ensure that EAS support is 
available to us if the need arises. This change would not automatically 
place Marianas airports in the program, but it would ensure that 
assistance is available whenever necessary to guarantee reliable air 
service.
  I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation.

                          ____________________





