


[Page S1758]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]



                      Remembering Alan K. Simpson

  Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, before I begin my comments, I wanted to 
acknowledge the extraordinary life and the contributions of Senator 
Alan Simpson from Wyoming. I had an opportunity to hear several of my 
colleagues speak to the accomplishments of Senator Alan Simpson. And 
while I did not have an opportunity to serve with him, my father served 
many years with Al Simpson, and he and my mother Nancy were very close 
friends with Al and his wife Ann. They traveled together. They joked 
together.
  And I had an opportunity to occasionally meet with Al Simpson. As has 
been mentioned, his humor was legendary. And as a young woman who was 
kind of observing, here you have this very important person, this 
Senator from Wyoming, who was very accomplished in so many years, with 
a sense of humor and a joke for just about everything--sometimes 
appropriate, maybe sometimes not quite as appropriate. But he was a 
genuinely beautiful individual, and you saw how he reacted and 
interacted with people at all levels.

  I can only imagine the depth of appreciation and love that he had 
from the people in the great State of Wyoming because those of us who 
had just mere glimpses of an opportunity to see him and to know him 
found him to just be truly a lovely and a good man.
  So I know that my parents would want me to be able to express my 
condolences to the Simpson family and the great appreciation for the 
contributions that he made to his State of Wyoming and to our great 
country.





