


[Pages S1768-S1772]
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]




      FULL-YEAR CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS AND EXTENSIONS ACT, 2025

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the clerk will 
report the bill by title.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

       A bill (H.R. 1968) making further continuing appropriations 
     and other extensions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 
     2025, and for other purposes.

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader.
  Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, before we finish today, I would like to 
say that soon, the Senate will vote on a bipartisan piece of 
legislation that will make an important DC funding fix.
  This legislation will make sure that we take care of the residents of 
the District; that we will support law enforcement and firefighters and 
teachers and city services. The legislation is very good news for the 
residents of the District of Columbia. I am happy we are passing the 
bill today.
  I thank my colleagues for working quickly to bring this bill to the 
floor. Once the Senate acts, we urge the House to act quickly.
  Government funding expires at midnight tonight, and the vote before 
us is a Hobson's choice. The CR bill is a bad bill, but as bad as the 
CR is, I believe that allowing Donald Trump to take even more power via 
a government shutdown is a far worse option.
  A shutdown would allow DOGE to shift into overdrive. It would give 
Donald Trump and DOGE the keys to the city, the State, and country, and 
that is a far worse alternative.
  I want to remind everyone that it was Republicans who pushed this 
false shutdown choice. Their inability to govern has led us to this 
precipice. Our caucus Members have two bad choices. Different Senators 
will come down on different sides of the question, but that does not 
mean that any Senate Democrat supports a shutdown.
  Whatever the outcome, our caucus will be united in our determination 
to continue the long-term fight to stop Donald Trump's dangerous war on 
our democracy and on America's working families.
  Now, I want to be clear about what this bill does and does not do. 
The full-year CR is a law that sets funding levels for the full year. 
The President and executive branch have a legal and constitutional duty 
to faithfully execute the CR. The CR does not change the underlying law 
making the Trump administration's impoundments and mass firings 
illegal. This is true as a matter of law.
  Nothing in the CR changes the Impoundment Control Act, the foundation 
of Congress's appropriations authority, and the authorization laws that 
require USAID and other Agencies to exist and to operate the programs 
as Congress has assigned to them. Nothing changes title 5, governing 
the civil service, the Administrative Procedure Act, and so on.
  One of the reasons I am voting for cloture is for the very reason 
that these actions are illegal and no new law is needed to declare 
that.
  I yield the floor.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The majority leader.


                             Cloture Motion

  Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The cloture motion having been presented under 
rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

                             Cloture Motion

       We, the undersigned Senators, in accordance with the 
     provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, 
     do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Calendar No. 26, 
     H.R. 1968, a bill making further continuing appropriations 
     and other extensions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 
     2025, and for other purposes.
         John Thune, Markwayne Mullin, Cindy Hyde-Smith, Tom 
           Cotton, Tim Scott of South Carolina, Pete Ricketts, 
           Shelley Moore Capito, James E. Risch, Joni Ernst, Katie 
           Britt, John Kennedy, Todd Young, Tim Sheehy, Kevin 
           Cramer, Jon A. Husted, John Barrasso, Bernie Moreno.


                          Waiving Quorum Call

  Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory 
quorum call be waived.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, for information of all Senators, there will 
be up to nine rollcall votes. I will ask unanimous consent that all 
votes following the first vote be 10 minutes in length, and that if 
Senators will stay in their seats, we should be able to get them done 
even more quickly than that. Everybody be here after this first vote. 
These are going to be 10-minute votes.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.
  The clerk will report the motion to invoke cloture.


                             Cloture Motion

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before 
the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

                             Cloture Motion

       We, the undersigned Senators, in accordance with the 
     provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, 
     do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Calendar No. 26, 
     H.R. 1968, a bill making further continuing appropriations 
     and other extensions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 
     2025, and for other purposes.
         John Thune, Markwayne Mullin, Cindy Hyde-Smith, Tom 
           Cotton, Tim Scott of South Carolina, Pete Ricketts, 
           Shelley Moore Capito, James E. Risch, Joni Ernst, Katie 
           Britt, John Kennedy, Todd Young, Tim Sheehy, Kevin 
           Cramer, Jon A. Husted, John Barrasso, Bernie Moreno.

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous consent, the mandatory quorum 
call has been waived.
  The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on H.R. 
1968, a bill making further continuing appropriations and other 
extensions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other 
purposes, shall be brought to a close?
  The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.
  The yeas and nays resulted--yeas 62, nays 38, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 128 Leg.]

                                YEAS--62

     Banks
     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Collins
     Cornyn
     Cortez Masto
     Cotton

[[Page S1769]]


     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Curtis
     Daines
     Durbin
     Ernst
     Fetterman
     Fischer
     Gillibrand
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hassan
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Husted
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Justice
     Kennedy
     King
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     McCormick
     Moody
     Moran
     Moreno
     Mullin
     Murkowski
     Peters
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Rounds
     Schatz
     Schmitt
     Schumer
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Shaheen
     Sheehy
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young

                                NAYS--38

     Alsobrooks
     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Blunt Rochester
     Booker
     Cantwell
     Coons
     Duckworth
     Gallego
     Heinrich
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     Kim
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Paul
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schiff
     Slotkin
     Smith
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 62, the nays are 
38.
  Three-fifths of the Senators duly chosen and sworn having voted in 
the affirmative, the motion is agreed to.
  The majority leader.
  Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, we have already locked in 10-minute votes 
for the balance of the number of votes, but if people stay here in 
their seats, we can execute that a lot more quickly.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Oregon.


                           Amendment No. 1273

  Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 1273 and ask 
that it be reported by number.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the amendment by number.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

       The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Merkley] proposes an amendment 
     numbered 1273.

  The amendment is as follows:

      (Purpose: To except the application of certain rescissions)

       On page 6, line 11, strike ``and 639'' and insert ``639, 
     and 640''.
       On page 7, line 15, strike ``and''.
       On page 7, line 18, insert ``, and except section 530'' 
     before the period at the end.

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 2 minutes of debate, equally 
divided.
  Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, colleagues, let me keep this very simple. 
We provided a lot of funding in the Inflation Reduction Act so that 
those who have very sophisticated finances and very powerful advisers 
that try to avoid ever paying their taxes don't get away with it, 
because it is a fundamental fairness all across America.
  Ordinary working people have the money taken out of their paychecks 
every week. Just because people have enormous paychecks and fancy 
consultants, it shouldn't mean that they get a license to cheat.
  And all of that money went to make sure that those upper income folks 
knew that somebody might be taking a look at their finances.
  If this amendment fails, it will increase the deficit by $46 billion. 
So I hope all of you who are fiscally responsible and care about 
fundamental fairness to workers across America will vote for this 
amendment.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Idaho.
  Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, this isn't about spending $46 billion; it 
is about saving $20 billion.
  The Democrats' partisan supersized IRS funding is something we have 
been battling over for a couple of years now. It is a textbook example 
of the type of out-of-control spending that President Trump and 
Republicans have rightly opposed.
  Rather than working together to help the IRS solve its massive 
taxpayer service and IT shortcomings, the misnamed Inflation Reduction 
Act went to fund untargeted and heavily handed enforcement improvement.
  As I had mentioned at the time, the last thing hard-working Americans 
need is an IRS funding bloat that disproportionately hurts them.
  I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment to provide the 
IRS nearly two times its entire annual budget in unaccountable 
enforcement dollars.


                       Vote on Amendment No. 1273

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on the adoption of the 
amendment.
  Mr. MERKLEY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?
  There appears to be a sufficient second.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The legislative clerk called the roll.
  The result was announced--yeas 47, nays 53, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 129 Leg.]

                                YEAS--47

     Alsobrooks
     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Blunt Rochester
     Booker
     Cantwell
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gallego
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     Kim
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schiff
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Slotkin
     Smith
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--53

     Banks
     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Collins
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Curtis
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Husted
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Justice
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     McCormick
     Moody
     Moran
     Moreno
     Mullin
     Murkowski
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Rounds
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sheehy
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 47, the nays are 
53.
  Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this 
amendment, the amendment is not agreed to.
  The amendment (No. 1273) was rejected.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Illinois.


                           Amendment No. 1274

  Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 1274 and ask 
that it be reported by number.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the amendment by number.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       The Senator from Illinois [Ms. Duckworth] proposes an 
     amendment numbered 1274.

  The amendment is as follows:

  (Purpose: To make veteran Federal employees who were involuntarily 
   dismissed without cause eligible for reinstatement and to require 
  reports from Executive agencies on the number of veteran employees 
                       fired from such agencies)

       At the appropriate place, insert the following:

     SEC. __. REINSTATEMENT ELIGIBILITY FOR VETERAN FEDERAL 
                   EMPLOYEES; EXECUTIVE AGENCY REPORTS ON REMOVAL 
                   OF VETERANS.

       (a) Eligibility for Reinstatement.--Any individual who is a 
     veteran and who was involuntarily removed or otherwise 
     dismissed without cause from a position in the civil service 
     during the period beginning on January 20, 2025, and ending 
     on the date of the enactment of this Act shall be eligible 
     for reinstatement to such position or any other position in 
     the civil service for which the individual is qualified.
       (b) Reports Required.--
       (1) In general.--Not later than 60 days after the date of 
     the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until 
     January 20, 2029, the head of each Executive agency shall 
     submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report 
     on former employees of such agency who are veterans and were 
     removed or otherwise dismissed from the agency.
       (2) Elements.--Each report required by paragraph (1) shall 
     include the following:
       (A) The total number of former employees of the agency who 
     are veterans and were removed or otherwise dismissed from the 
     agency during the period covered by the report.
       (B) The reason for each such removal or dismissal.
       (c) Definitions.--In this section:
       (1) Appropriate congressional committees.--The term 
     ``appropriate congressional committees'' means--
       (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental 
     Affairs and the Committee on Veterans' Affairs of the Senate; 
     and
       (B) the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and 
     the Committee on Veterans' Affairs of the House of 
     Representatives.
       (2) Civil service.--The term ``civil service'' has the 
     meaning given that term in section 2101 of title 5, United 
     States Code.
       (3) Executive agency.--The term ``Executive agency'' has 
     the meaning given that term in section 105 of title 5, United 
     States Code.
       (4) Veteran.--The term ``veteran'' has the meaning given 
     that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code.


[[Page S1770]]


  The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 2 minutes of debate equally 
divided.
  Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, what Trump and Musk have done to our 
veterans in just 8 weeks since Trump has been back in office amounts to 
a total betrayal. He has already fired more veterans than any other 
President in modern history--6,000 and counting--for no apparent 
reason, forcing the bravest people you and I could ever meet to have to 
worry about how they are going to put food on their family's table next 
week or keep a roof over their heads next month.
  These are folks who did one, two, six, seven tours and then came home 
and chose to continue serving their Nation by joining Federal service. 
These are heroes who deserve our utmost gratitude. Instead, Trump and 
Musk are giving them the middle finger.
  Cadet Bone Spurs may like to wrap himself in the flag with one hand, 
but with the other, he is signing off on the orders that sell out our 
veterans to line billionaires' pockets, and our warriors deserve 
better.
  That is one reason I am urging my colleagues to vote yes on my 
Protect Veteran Jobs Act--a simple amendment that would reinstate every 
veteran who has been fired because of Trump and Musk's betrayal.
  If Republicans actually care about our veterans like they claim to on 
FOX News--
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's time has expired.
  Ms. DUCKWORTH.--then they will vote yes on this bill and help give 
our veterans their jobs back. Otherwise, they are making it clear that 
they would rather bow down at the altar of Donald Trump than stand up 
for our heroes.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Montana.
  Mr. SHEEHY. Mr. President, where was the Democrat outrage when 8,000 
Active-Duty Reserve troops were unceremoniously and with no due process 
fired out of the military without benefits? Where was the outrage when 
thousands of first responders and police officers, firefighters, 
nurses, and doctors lost their employment because they had COVID 
vaccine hesitancy? There was no outrage, there was no call of betrayal 
under President Biden when all that happened.
  The truth is, this bill is pro-veteran. It adds $6 billion to our 
veteran spending. It adds the largest pay increase for our warfighters 
in a generation. This is a pro-veteran bill.
  Let's stop using veterans as political pawns and keep the government 
funded.


                       Vote on Amendment No. 1274

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on the adoption of the 
amendment.
  Ms. DUCKWORTH. I ask for the yeas and nays.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?
  There appears to be a sufficient second.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.
  The result was announced--yeas 47, nays 53, as follows:
  The result was announced--yeas 47, nays 53, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 130 Leg.]

                                YEAS--47

     Alsobrooks
     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Blunt Rochester
     Booker
     Cantwell
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gallego
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     Kim
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schiff
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Slotkin
     Smith
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--53

     Banks
     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Collins
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Curtis
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Husted
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Justice
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     McCormick
     Moody
     Moran
     Moreno
     Mullin
     Murkowski
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Rounds
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sheehy
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 47, the nays are 
53.
  Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this 
amendment, the amendment is not agreed to.
  The amendment (No. 1274) was rejected.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Maryland.


                           Amendment No. 1272

  Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, together with my Maryland and Virginia 
Senate colleagues, I call up my amendment No. 1272 and ask that it be 
reported by number.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report.
  The legislative clerk read as follows:

       The Senator from Maryland [Mr. Van Hollen] proposes an 
     amendment numbered 1272.

  The amendment is as follows:

     (Purpose: To prohibit the use of appropriated amounts by DOGE)

       At the appropriate place in division A, insert the 
     following:

     SEC. ___. LIMITATION ON USE OF AMOUNTS FOR DOGE.

       Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, 
     appropriations and funds made available and authority granted 
     pursuant to this Act may not be used by--
       (1) the United States DOGE Service, or any successor 
     agency;
       (2) the U.S. DOGE Service Temporary Organization, or any 
     successor agency; or
       (3) a detailee of an agency described in paragraph (1) or 
     (2) working at any other agency.

  Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, this amendment shuts down the illegal 
Musk DOGE operation, which has nothing to do with government efficiency 
and everything--could I have order, please, Mr. President
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order.
  Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, this amendment shuts down the illegal 
Elon Musk operation, which has nothing to do with government efficiency 
and everything to do with rigging the government for people like Elon 
Musk and powerful special interests.
  That is why they started by firing all the independent inspectors 
general in the U.S. Government, which just opens the door to more 
corruption. And they have lied and lied to the American people.
  They illegally fired over 200,000 patriotic Federal employees, 
including 6,000 veterans, and added insult to injury by lying that they 
were fired for poor performance. That was untrue, and this is why 
judges are ordering the Trump administration to return them to their 
jobs.
  They gained access illegally to highly sensitive personal information 
on Americans, and just today we learned--
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's time has expired.
  Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I ask unanimous consent for 10 seconds.
  Thank you, Mr. President.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection.
  Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Finally, they also have essentially tried to clear 
the way--clear the way--for tax cuts for very wealthy Americans.
  And I will end with this. They have also lied about their savings.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senator, your time has expired.
  Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I say it is time to delete DOGE. Please adopt the 
amendment.
  Thank you, my colleagues.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Iowa.
  Ms. ERNST. Mr. President, since January, DOGE has saved $115 billion. 
That amounts to--order, please.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order.
  Ms. ERNST. That amounts to $714 per taxpayer.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order.
  Ms. ERNST. Some of DOGE's findings include that the Small Business 
Administration gave out more than $300 million in loans to thousands of 
children 11 years and younger; Agencies were paying for tens of 
thousands of unused software licenses; and the Department of Veterans 
Affairs was paying $56,000 to water eight plants for 5 years.
  Thanks to DOGE, that contract was canceled. Now the plants will 
actually be watered for free.
  While DOGE keeps delivering more savings every day, Democrats are 
more upset by the effort to stop wasteful spending than by the misuse 
of tax dollars.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's time has expired.
  Ms. ERNST. As I always say, if you can't find waste in Washington, 
you are not looking.

[[Page S1771]]

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's time has expired.
  Ms. ERNST. I urge my colleagues to vote no on this amendment. We 
can't afford the Washington business as usual that gave us $36 trillion 
of debt.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's time has expired.
  Ms. ERNST. I yield.
  Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Would the Senator yield for a question?
  Ms. ERNST. No.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time has expired. The Senator's time has 
expired.


                       Vote on Amendment No. 1272

  The question now occurs on adoption of the amendment.
  Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?
  There is a sufficient second.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The legislative clerk called the roll.
  The result was announced--yeas 48, nays 52, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 131 Leg.]

                                YEAS--48

     Alsobrooks
     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Blunt Rochester
     Booker
     Cantwell
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gallego
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     Kim
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murkowski
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schiff
     Schumer
     Shaheen
     Slotkin
     Smith
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden

                                NAYS--52

     Banks
     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Collins
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Curtis
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Husted
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Justice
     Kennedy
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     McCormick
     Moody
     Moran
     Moreno
     Mullin
     Paul
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Rounds
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Sheehy
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 48, the nays are 
52.
  Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this 
amendment, the amendment is not agreed to.
  The amendment (No. 1272) was rejected.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Kentucky.


                           Amendment No. 1266

  Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 1266 and ask that 
it be reported by number.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. A14MR6.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows:

       The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Paul] proposes an amendment 
     numbered 101.

  The amendment is as follows:

   (Purpose: To reduce the amount appropriated for the United States 
                 Agency for International Development)

       On page 77, between lines 10 and 11, insert the following:
       Sec. 11209. (a) Notwithstanding section 1101, the levels 
     for the following accounts in title II of division F of 
     Public Law 118-47 shall be as follows:
       (1) ``Operating Expenses'', $288,150,000, of which up to 
     $43,222,500 may remain available until September 30, 2026.
       (2) ``Capital Investment Fund'', $44,047,000.
       (3) ``Office of Inspector General'', $14,535,000, of which 
     up to $2,180,250 may remain available until September 30, 
     2026.
       (b) Notwithstanding section 1101, the levels for the 
     following accounts in title III of division F of Public Law 
     118-47 shall be as follows:
       (1) ``Global Health Programs'', $677,526,500.
       (2) ``Development Assistance'', $668,270,000.
       (3) ``International Disaster Assistance'', $812,430,000, of 
     which $127,500,000 is designated by Congress as being for an 
     emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of 
     the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 
     1985.
       (4) ``Transition Initiatives'', $12,750,000, and up to an 
     additional $2,550,000 of the funds appropriated to carry out 
     the provisions of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 
     1961 if the Secretary of State determines that it is 
     important to the national interest of the United States to 
     provide transition assistance in excess of such base amount.
       (5) ``Complex Crises Fund'', $9,350,000.
       (6) ``Economic Support Fund'', $661,368,000, of which 
     $51,000,000 is designated by Congress as being for an 
     emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of 
     the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 
     1985.
       (7) ``Bureau for Democracy, Human Rights, and Governance'', 
     $23,800,000.
       (8) ``Assistance for Europe, Eurasia, and Central Asia'', 
     $130,956,780, of which $52,700,000 is designated by Congress 
     as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 
     251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit 
     Control Act of 1985.

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Kentucky.
  Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I compliment President Trump and DOGE for 
exposing waste and abuse in foreign aid spending. It boggles the mind 
to think that some in Congress defend spending $2 million on sex 
changes in Guatemala, thousands on an LGBT opera in Colombia, and 
thousands on a trans comic book in Peru. This is the low-hanging fruit. 
If Congress can't vote to cut this egregious, crazy, leftwing lunacy, 
will Congress ever have the courage to tackle entitlements?
  Yet there does remain a significant constitutional question as to 
whether these cuts need a congressional vote to give them permanence. 
Today, with my amendment, Congress can make these foreign aid cuts the 
law.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Washington.
  Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, the Senator's amendment would 
indiscriminately cut $16 billion from State and USAID, including 
lifesaving assistance Secretary Rubio said he wants to maintain for the 
purchase of food from American farmers, programs to counter the PRC 
influence, and efforts to ensure American businesses are more 
competitive overseas.
  This amendment would cut funding for the USAID inspector general by 
83 percent, making any waste, fraud, or abuse hard to uncover.
  And it would gut global health programs like Trump, Rubio, and Musk 
say they allegedly want to conserve. Not even House Republicans went 
this far.
  This amendment would undermine American workers, American businesses, 
and our national security. I urge a ``no'' vote.


                       Vote on Amendment No. 1266

  The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on adoption of the 
amendment.
  Mr. PAUL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?
  There appears to be a sufficient second.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.
  The result was announced--yeas 27, nays 73, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 132 Leg.]

                                YEAS--27

     Banks
     Blackburn
     Britt
     Budd
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cruz
     Curtis
     Daines
     Ernst
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Husted
     Johnson
     Justice
     Kennedy
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     Moody
     Moreno
     Paul
     Risch
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Sheehy
     Tuberville

                                NAYS--73

     Alsobrooks
     Baldwin
     Barrasso
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Blunt Rochester
     Booker
     Boozman
     Cantwell
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Collins
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Fischer
     Gallego
     Gillibrand
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Hoeven
     Hyde-Smith
     Kaine
     Kelly
     Kim
     King
     Klobuchar
     Lankford
     Lujan
     Markey
     McConnell
     McCormick
     Merkley
     Moran
     Mullin
     Murkowski
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Peters
     Reed
     Ricketts
     Rosen
     Rounds
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schiff
     Schumer
     Scott (SC)
     Shaheen
     Slotkin
     Smith
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wicker
     Wyden
     Young
  The amendment (No. 1266) was rejected.
  The bill was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time.


                           Vote on H.R. 1968

  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Murkowski). Under the previous order, the 
bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill 
pass?
  Mrs. MURRAY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?
  There appears to be a sufficient second.
  The clerk will call the roll.
  The legislative clerk called the roll.

[[Page S1772]]

  The result was announced--yeas 54, nays 46, as follows:

                      [Rollcall Vote No. 133 Leg.]

                                YEAS--54

     Banks
     Barrasso
     Blackburn
     Boozman
     Britt
     Budd
     Capito
     Cassidy
     Collins
     Cornyn
     Cotton
     Cramer
     Crapo
     Cruz
     Curtis
     Daines
     Ernst
     Fischer
     Graham
     Grassley
     Hagerty
     Hawley
     Hoeven
     Husted
     Hyde-Smith
     Johnson
     Justice
     Kennedy
     King
     Lankford
     Lee
     Lummis
     Marshall
     McConnell
     McCormick
     Moody
     Moran
     Moreno
     Mullin
     Murkowski
     Ricketts
     Risch
     Rounds
     Schmitt
     Scott (FL)
     Scott (SC)
     Shaheen
     Sheehy
     Sullivan
     Thune
     Tillis
     Tuberville
     Wicker
     Young

                                NAYS--46

     Alsobrooks
     Baldwin
     Bennet
     Blumenthal
     Blunt Rochester
     Booker
     Cantwell
     Coons
     Cortez Masto
     Duckworth
     Durbin
     Fetterman
     Gallego
     Gillibrand
     Hassan
     Heinrich
     Hickenlooper
     Hirono
     Kaine
     Kelly
     Kim
     Klobuchar
     Lujan
     Markey
     Merkley
     Murphy
     Murray
     Ossoff
     Padilla
     Paul
     Peters
     Reed
     Rosen
     Sanders
     Schatz
     Schiff
     Schumer
     Slotkin
     Smith
     Van Hollen
     Warner
     Warnock
     Warren
     Welch
     Whitehouse
     Wyden
  The bill (H.R. 1968) was passed.
  The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to 
reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table.

                          ____________________





